# Nautobot SSoT ACI - Nautobot plugin for synchronizing with Cisco ACI
 
Nautobot SSoT ACI is a plugin for [Nautobot](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot) allowing a synchronization of data from Cisco ACI into Nautobot.

To accomplish this, the SSoT ACI plugin communicates with the Cisco ACI controller, the Application Policy Infrastructure Controller (APIC). The APIC provides a central point of administration for the ACI fabric via a web dashboard or REST API.

The SSoT ACI plugin eliminates the need for manually adding objects to Nautobot that have been automatically discovered by the Cisco APIC controller.   This includes information such as device model/serial numbers, node management IP addressing, and more.

In addition any changes to the ACI fabric are reflected in Nautobot when the synchronization process is executed. 

Examples:

- When new devices are registered to the fabric, they will be added to Nautobot on the next run of the SSoT ACI job within Nautobot.
- When devices are decommissioned from the fabric, they will be removed from Nautobot 
- As devices are added to the ACI fabric, their management IP addresses are automatically created as IP Addresses in Nautobot
- As bridge domains are added with subnets, the subnets are automatically created in Nautobot as Prefixes and the gateway address configured as an IP Address
- When a bridge domain is removed from ACI, the associated Prefix and IP Address are deleted from Nautobot
- Interface descriptions added or updated in ACI will be reflected on the interfaces in Nautobot

Below list shows items that are currently synchronized and how they map between systems.

| **ACI**                                       	| **Nautobot**                  	|
|-----------------------------------------------	|-------------------------------	|
| Tenant                                        	| Tenant                        	|
| Node (Leaf/Spine/Controller)                  	| Device                        	|
| Model                                         	| Device Type                   	|
| Management IP address (Leaf/Spine/Controller) 	| IP Address                    	|
| Bridge Domain Subnet                          	| Prefix, IP Address              |
| Interfaces                                    	| Interface 	                    |
| VRFs                                            | VRFs                            |


## Contributing

Pull requests are welcomed and automatically built and tested against multiple versions of Python and multiple versions of Nautobot through TravisCI.

The project is packaged with a light development environment based on `docker-compose` to help with the local development of the project and to run the tests within TravisCI.

The project is following Network to Code software development guideline and is leveraging:

- Black, Pylint, Bandit and pydocstyle for Python linting and formatting.
- Django unit test to ensure the plugin is working properly.


### Project Documentation

Project documentation is generated by [mkdocs](https://www.mkdocs.org/) from the documentation located in the docs folder.  You can configure [readthedocs.io](https://readthedocs.io/) to point at this folder in your repo.  A container hosting the docs will be started using the invoke commands on [http://localhost:8001](http://localhost:8001), as changes are saved the docs will be automatically reloaded.

## Questions

For any questions or comments, please check the [FAQ](FAQ.md) first and feel free to swing by the [Network to Code slack channel](https://networktocode.slack.com/) (channel #networktocode).
Sign up [here](http://slack.networktocode.com/)
